# Installer
CLI C# Remote Installer Application

The goal of Installer is to provide a consistent framework for SysAdmins to use for remote deployment tasks in their environment.

Please visit the [wiki](https://github.com/cuken/Installer/wiki) for more information.

## Model
Installer treats all possible actions against your environment as an **Application**.

**Applications** are given **Jobs**

**Jobs** report **Results**

### Applications

**Applications** are a directory within your *ApplicationDir*. Inside of each **Application** there will be several items:

- *running.lock* file generated by Installer to detonate application is in use, prevents some functions from completing
-  settings.ini file used to describe the Application Specific Attributes
- \Jobs folder used to store currently running Jobs
- \Results folder used to store Results from Jobs

### Jobs

**Jobs** act as the instructions for the **Applications**.

**Jobs** will use the settings applied in their specific INI as well inherit relevant settings from the **Application** settings ini.

**Jobs** are the actual drivers of change in the environment: Some examples of what jobs can do;

- *Example:* Install Chrome on 100 PC's
- *Example:* Query WMI for a specific Key
- *Example:* Uninstall an application if it's a specific version

### Results

**Results** are generated by the outcome of a **Job** event finishing. These can be configured per **Job** or inherited from the **Application** settings.

*Example:* A result can be setup to send an email each time Chrome successfully installs on a target machine via your *Install Chrome* **Job** attached to your *Chrome* **Application**.
*Example:* Log all offline machines to a specific file and email it to me when the job finishes.
*Example:* Verbosely output all actions from the job to a running log file.

##Portability

Installer aims to be a single exe that can be ran by an administrator. Due to the model setup, Application | Jobs | Results should be easily shareable by the community.
